kids welcome to this new one
unboxing video arrival the first day ok
so as you can see from this
Epic crest also leave me there is
confirmation I bought the defense language
because finally after months it has arrived
We proceed immediately shit but Count
because the third time but do
boxing that to make them pay to maroni is known
that at the top the animal but we will talk
after this great phone here is
the charger says the housing of the
battery charger dell'aom a little beast
give this site
all that the horns for
silvio from a kilo of feeder that
it was in this housing
inside the computer yard e
very boring look here looked ok
Now the beast no togliamola
bang supported by the vehicle
then here we find a short betto
illustrative with the face of the alien
where it is written that as if the birth
of the Pope
here we find a housing for one
letter c is placed for you tomorrow
we will find installation disks
exactly 3 we find the disc
resource dvd installation like
you can see all the beautiful medicine the
operating system that already installed in the
this computer also I see in China
and here there is only on the action of the
applications of even these medicine and
win everything some medicine is beautiful
remember this is a quick start guide
a quick guide how to use the
unaware system is not open all
look at the enormity of this case that
you can also leave
and here we have the instruction booklet
which is however badly translated into
Palestinian because I am not written here
free itself remains allahu akbar
but de fraia being able to notice the file is
so obviously oenological
marked spotted because part of george
the isaf of the also with are not near
we know if you take a shower yo yo also
online 17 with a single council that will be
the video card but it doesn't matter at the end
they are almost equivalent to for andva
similar to this is a new one at 5pm
gam the new range of laptop pc pils
from gaming animo 17 to evaluate the effectiveness
then to a windows 8 operating system
64-bit Italian
so very good compared to evening a
led backlit keypad led led e
still LEDs that obviously can be
change all with the program
area
now which screen for core i7 one
already starts with turbo boost technology
sorry for a little as it came out but even before
fourth generation with technology
turbo boost this means when
leave when the computer is down
effort
this super pro canada will only pass by
3.1 gigas that his jeans knows about
based on 4 of that 1 gigahertz doing
go faster the whole system
operating video card to an nvidia
geforce gtx 7 77 65 sorry now riccardo
will frame this we say that
know why I have to work now
I'm video then we feel and we are
arrived at home we did immediately
a test to see the actual fps that
this computerino lever with the game loves
much but tail but in marco da marco concas
ama tra manco minecraft is the hall of
bananas
good guys first of all to notice
the background our deaf but this there
believe you fell under look with the
pressure of this we could pass
a lot had underneath but I believe those
that have windows 8
we already know everything ok now we will make a con
you a certain minecraft framerate test
offered by Marco first of all
maybe video of the course thanks to this is
the application of the lego e
command center that allows you to
change the colors of the computer leds
go see some how it works like if
we want the back of the computer than to
moment the argument is this one from here if
they don't see but you go and see what I do
I want
the purple fagot here is his film
released as you do from the color awards
but I understand I understand waiting for mantini
that so the picture is behind that
boor
now that red color if it puts purple
rustling here it is
look at the Chinese escape and now we put it
here then we leave big because it is one
what you can change all the colors
senatorite we all said reds
except the keyboard try turning off
I turn off the tribune but what it does is
come to never to show you so many
keyboard that you see modern appeal a
all colors red yellow blue warns
Chosen colors exhibited
heart to know but a note the mouse pad
native of absurd
now I will block is very fluid a lot
soft now I will block new videos for
show you the minecraft fps test
then this is minecraft locked again
world called gigi we have one
average with this computer of 170 fps well
At max details we note here we have
182 fps up to 200 for a maximum
registered by us of 585 fps
ok guys this is all minecraft
settings at most as he said
already risiko or windows 8 64 bit of
cutting everything and no boys
this is the presentation of the
brand new look at 7 there is that soon
will also arrive in my house then
wait it turned off because they put it
so for this first unboxing the
first unboxing of students 17 not m17x
but 17 is the new range of gaming PCs
gaming laptop of the is all one
greetings since then kids is one thing
the first in Italy to have I am saying
this computer and no kids i will
greeting hello to all the boys has
commented on the video and if you are not
those registered to the channel sign up
salami factory and leave a like one
pride and I recommend sign up
canaro the channel to write after Christmas
when I also have the little beast ok
boy as told by risiko hi a
all boys